README.md, before:

# Portfolio</br>
This is just a general location for various projects I have personally made and developed. Below is a general overview of each project, and the goals of them.

Project 1: Dynamic Memory Allocation [C++]</br>
Goals: To demonstrate basic usage of pointer, dynamic memory allocation, reading and writing files, and using value-returning functions.

Project 3: Ordered Singly-Linked List Template [C++] </br>
Goals: To show usaged of singly linked list, templates, and ordering singly linked list with custom objects.

Project 4: The Maze [C++]</br>
Goals: To demonstrate usage of recursion, and the use of backtracking exlusivly to solve a problem.

Project 5: Word Tree [C++]</br>
Goals: To further use and understand recursion, and mainly to implement and show a use of binary search trees.

ASM Project 1: Basic Assembly [ASM]</br>
Goals: To demonstrate basic understanding of x86_64 assembly language usage, and creating a basic function, loop, and working with an array within it.

HTML Project 1: The Locations of Singapore [HTML/CSS] </br>
Goals: To demonstrate basic understaning of CSS and HTML. The website provided, is meant to be a clean and easy to navigate website discussing the various locations and attractions of singapore.

Commit message:

Add the metaverse project
Youtube link to the metaverse project is provided, though no source code is available due to the nature of the project, being split across 4 systems.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio</br>
This is just a general location for various projects I have personally made and developed. Below is a general overview of each project, and the goals of them.
Large / Group Projects

Unreal Metaverse Project: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETRQvEl1HOU
Goals: To learn and explore Unreal Engine 5.1, and the Unreal Engine pipeline. A large focus of this project was to be a proof of concept project for a research team at Vanderbuilt University, that Unreal Engine could provide and meet the wants and needs of their research project. The goal of their research project, is to bring high detail virtual connections into the hands of elderly people around the world. This way, if they can't meet their loved one in person, they can instead put on a VR headset, and see the metahuman of their loved ones in real time. The team was initally working in Unity, however the models were not of enough detail for their projects focus, and that is where myself, and my team members came in. Our goal was to show that using UE 5.1 Metahumans, you could have detailed, hyper-realistic virtual recreations of ourselves. At the end of the day, we did this by making multiple short films that simply try to showcase some of the possibilities of using the Unreal Engine pipeline, and presented it all in a youtube video, that is linked above.

Project 1: Dynamic Memory Allocation [C++]</br>
Goals: To demonstrate basic usage of pointer, dynamic memory allocation, reading and writing files, and using value-returning functions.

Project 3: Ordered Singly-Linked List Template [C++] </br>
Goals: To show usaged of singly linked list, templates, and ordering singly linked list with custom objects.

Project 4: The Maze [C++]</br>
Goals: To demonstrate usage of recursion, and the use of backtracking exlusivly to solve a problem.

Project 5: Word Tree [C++]</br>
Goals: To further use and understand recursion, and mainly to implement and show a use of binary search trees.

ASM Project 1: Basic Assembly [ASM]</br>
Goals: To demonstrate basic understanding of x86_64 assembly language usage, and creating a basic function, loop, and working with an array within it.

HTML Project 1: The Locations of Singapore [HTML/CSS] </br>
Goals: To demonstrate basic understaning of CSS and HTML. The website provided, is meant to be a clean and easy to navigate website discussing the various locations and attractions of singapore.
